Previously
on Beauty & the Beast:
Dad!
There was no match between
Catherine's blood and your father.
Vincent!
Don't shoot. She's my daughter.
It's okay. It's over.
All that matters
is that you're back safe.
I never stopped looking for you.
Who are you?
Aren't you
a little concerned
about what Muirfield did
to Vincent?
He's a little scary.
Vincent would never hurt me.
Cat, you said yourself
he doesn't remember you.
There are more
of them out there.
Who pays for that boat?
Is someone
controlling you?
I don't even know
who you are!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hey, it's Cat.
I think I have an idea about
how to deal with this whole
Vincent situation.
Just got one little hitch.
I can be there in 20 minutes.
I'll see you soon.
Morning!
Heathe?
Hey, I was just trying
to catch you before work.
Uh, yeah, just give me
two seconds.
All right. No worries.
I brought coffee.
Hi! I am so sorry
I haven't called you back.
I know you wanted
to talk, so...
No, don't worry about it.
You've been super busy,
and it's not like
I've been around either.
I haven't slept in
my bed in weeks.
Hey, is something
wrong with your neck?
Uh, nope,
just slept on it funny.
You know, I get it,
you've been
helping with Dad's house,
and-and Brooke, and you
are so the better daughter.
No. I'm the unemployed daughter.
But, um, that maybe
is about to change.
What, you got a job?
Senior event coordinator
at QMK.
It's one of the top PR firms
in the country.
Wow. That is amazing.
Yeah, yeah.
It, um, it's in Miami.
Okay, maybe
a little less amazing.
But you know what?
I haven't decided
if I'm gonna take it yet.
I mean, we just lost Dad,
and, um, they need me
to let them know by tomorrow.
You need advice?
Yeah, and to talk about stuff.
Okay, well, I have
to meet my boss this morning,
but let's get together later,
have a coffee, and we can make
a pros
and cons list.
Yeah. And, um, chat
about life... and Dad.
Totally.
We will figure it out.
Yeah.
What...?
Uh, initially, yes,
and then I got
this deep tissue massage
that was probably too deep.
You think, you think
I need a scarf?
Yeah, people are gonna think
you have an abusive boyfriend.
Well, okay.
Thank you.
Hey.
Vincent, hey.
Hey. I'm-I'm sorry,
but I knocked.
Oh, uh, it's okay, this is where
you live... or lived.
Uh, keeps me motivated.
The beat, not the lyrics.
Have you seen Catherine
anywhere?
Do you know if she's okay?
Oh, she's great.
Happy to have you back.
We-We both are.
Look, if-if you're sensing
any weirdness on her part,
it's probably just that
she wants you to remember,
and I know that's
a lot of pressure, but...
Yeah. Look, could you just tell
her that I'm sorry?
Don't apologize.
It's like head trauma;
these things take a while.
But I can fill in
some blanks for you, you know?
Relationship highlights.
No. No, that's...
Just so you're familiar
with the facts.
I'm not expecting
to jog anything,
so, uh,
you crashed her dad's wedding.
That was a big moment.
Uh, oh, and the hotel pool.
We thought we'd cured you,
so you two went to the Ashcroft
and got swimsuits
at the gift shop.
But, I-I know
cause it was on my credit card,
but you don't have
to pay me back.
I hurt her.
Physically?
She was... asking questions,
things that I can't talk about.
And I got, I got frustrated,
and I got overwhelmed.
I just, I felt cornered.
But she's okay, right?
She seemed to be fine, but...
But what?
If I can't tell her...
I feel terrible about it, okay?
That's why I'm here.
Could you
just tell her
that it'll never
happen again
and I will stay away?
It's just...
after everything
you two have been through,
I don't know if that'll be
what she wants.
It doesn't matter.
I don't want to hurt her
and I can't tell her
the truth,
so... just please check on her.
Condor?
You at your computer?
No, I'm heading there now.
I found another target,
but I may have been exposed.
That's why
I'm calling you first.
I'm sending you the details
right now.
It's not much, but if you...
Sir?
What the...?
Agent Tucker, are you there?
The final seconds can be
unbearable or peaceful,
your choice.
Tell me how you found me.
Screw you!
Who is this?
So, how are you?
Obviously, I've been better.
I'm wearing
a non-regulation scarf.
Right. Sorry.
It's just that he's never done
anything like this before.
We both know that someone's
controlling him, but when
I came at him with questions...
No, of course not,
but this isn't exactly
a domestic violence case.
Vincent is more of a victim
than anyone.
But this isn't just about him
anymore, it's about the public.
You told me yourself
that Muirfield made beasts
for profit.
We already know that
they sold one,
which means
they probably sold others.
There could be metaphorical
scarves everywhere.
And I can't just be direct and
ask him about it, clearly.
Right.
So you said
you had an idea?
You were on Vincent's houseboat,
you saw the sat-phone
and the computer. Those things,
they hold answers,
or at least leads to whoever's
pulling his strings,
so we can cut them.
You want to sneak on his boat?
I'm sorry.
He's a super-charged beast
with hyper senses.
What if he catches us?
That's just it,
it shouldn't be "us".
You and Tess should be backup,
then I can go in there.
And if he catches me,
I can just say
I came by to say hi.
Hi? That's your big idea?
You are so literal. I would
obviously come up
with something better,
like, "I'm here
to talk about
our relationship."
Vincent and I were
just together romantically.
But I am offering to use our
relationship to our advantage.
I would pretend
to still be pursuing him,
when in reality,
we'd be investigating
to find out who's doing
this to him.
Okay, on the phone you said
there was a hitch.
Is there one, other
than the obvious?
Yeah. He can sense when someone
isn't being honest.
That's a pretty big hitch
when you're talking about
basically going undercover.
Maybe there's
a way around it.
I still care about him,
that's honest.
It's Tess.
Okay, she doesn't know about...
Just, she already has problems
with Vincent...
It's not my story to tell.
I get that I can't be with him,
but I just can't hear it
from her.
Catherine, I'm gonna answer
the phone now.
Okay.
Hey, you have both of us.
You find anything?
It looks like we may have
another beast attack.
♪ Beauty and the Beast 2x02 ♪
Liar, Liar
Original Air Date on October 21, 2013
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
Body was discovered
about a half hour ago.
I heard them describing the
victim's wound on Dispatch,
so I jumped on it.
We know who he is?
There's no wallet,
no phone,
but the car's registered
to the FBI.
FBI? We need to get hold
of that security footage
before anyone else does.
You think this was Vincent?
No way. He kills bad guys,
not government officials.
We don't know that yet.
Gabe...
I don't want to hear
about that boat.
Whose boat, Vincent's?
You just said this wasn't him.
Your partner wants
to go undercover,
pretend she's his girlfriend,
even though she is
his girlfriend,
even though
he doesn't remember that.
To find out who's
controlling him.
We've got a dead FBI guy,
and you're still on saving
your boyfriend?
I'm on protecting
the public.
Whatever's going on
with Vincent,
Detectives.
Special Agent Reynolds.
I heard you might
have one of ours.
Actually,
we don't have an I.D. yet.
Well, then why don't you fill me
in on what you do know?
Agent Reynolds, Catherine
Chandler. We met before.
Thomas' daughter?
Right.
At your dad's tribute.
Another morbid occasion. Uh,
but if you give me your card,
I will happily keep you updated
on our investigation.
Actually, I think we're gonna
take this over from here.
I hate to seem territorial,
but this hasn't been ruled a
federal investigation yet, so...
Excuse me a minute.
Well, who is it
that rules...?
JT, this isn't a good time.
Listen, if Vincent ever does
something like this, you need
to call me ASAP.
Wait-- so he did kill
an FBI agent?
What? No.
I-I mean, I don't know.
I'm talking about
what he did to you.
He was just here.
First, I thought he felt guilty
'cause he doesn't remember you,
so I gave him
the Cliff Notes version
of your relationship.
Okay, hold on one second.
When was this?
Uh, like, an hour ago.
Tess!
Do we have a time of death?
45 minutes ago.
I'll call you back.
JT just alibied Vincent out,
so it was another one.
I don't know
if I'm relieved or disturbed.
I'm not saying that Vincent's
laptop wouldn't be
helpful right now,
but he is a human polygraph.
Tess, you know those party
tricks you used to do
where you taught people how
to cheat them?
I need you to teach me.
Sweating's
the key indicator of lying.
So we're blocking
the sweat glands.
Isn't he going to smell this?
It's not deodorant.
It's antiperspirant.
Okay, this can't be good
for my skin.
Put this in your shoe.
Okay.
Ow.
Pain raises your vitals.
So does lying.
We need to get you to
keep your heart rate
and your blood pressure
the same when you're lying
and when you're not.
Okay, so I press on the tack
when I'm telling the truth.
But not when I'm lying.
Yes.
Okay, let's start with something
we all know is true.
Do you like ice cream?
Yes.
And you're pushing on the pin?
Now we have a baseline.
She's good at this.
Then again, you've had
to lie on account of Vincent
for over a year, so....
All right, next question.
What's with the scarf?
I've been wondering all day.
I got a hickey.
No change.
A hickey?
Oh, my God,
so we are doing all this
to save your boyfriend.
No, this is before I realized
that he has
too much baggage right now.
Whatever, she passed.
She did? What was the lie?
I don't like ice cream.
Okay...
let's get her on that boat.
Condor.
We have a situation.
Is it Tucker?
I was on the phone with him
when it happened.
And I think the new target
did it, sir.
What are you talking about?
I heard him ask Tucker
how he'd found him.
Who is this guy?
Could be one of a few.
Tucker's job was to identify
them and report to me,
which he failed to do.
Well, he tried
to get an e-mail out.
All I've got so far is
"Friday at 5:00, it's a..."
Is a what?
I'm still trying to access
more from the file, sir.
No time.
Get to the crime scene.
Figure out what beast
we're up against.
If it was on to Tucker,
it won't be long
till it's on to us.
Hello?
You must be the one
he was going to send after me.
Why don't you come out and
introduce yourself in person?
Aw, but this is
so much more fun.
Well, I don't play games.
It's not a game.
It's magic.
And I know
all your tricks.
Listening for my heartbeat?
Ba-bum...
ba-bum, ba-bum, ba-bum.
So what's happening
Friday at 5:00?
Try and stop me.
I'll make sure you're
crossed off that list
sooner than anyone intended.
You don't know
about the list, do you?
I'd be careful if I were you.
Are you here?
I just came to talk
about our relationship.
Don't volunteer information.
I'm just practicing.
How are my vitals?
Elevated but stable.
That's because I have a tack
in my shoe.
His laptop's open
to an e-mail that was sent
at the time of the murder.
There seems to be an attachment.
- It looks coded.
- He's coming.
I'm downloading
the file right now.
No, no, no, forget the file.
He's moving fast,
and he looks pissed.
Her pressure just went
through the roof.
Got it.
Hi.
How did you, uh...?
The door was unlocked.
Look, um...
I'm-I'm so sorry about what...
Are you okay?
Yeah.
I just came to talk
about our relationship.
Good. Great.
Uh, can I get you a water?
At least she's not over-talking.
What?
I thought you just...
you said something else.
Did I? My-my thoughts are
just swirling in my head.
Yeah, of course they are.
Look, I'm sorry,
I just... I cut you off.
You came to say something.
Please, say it, I deserve it.
You can't do that again.
You just, you can't
cross that line.
You could've...
I know...
I know and believe me,
it is killing me.
and I would understand if you
never want to see me again.
This can't just be
because of a hickey.
Well, obviously I do--
I'm here, aren't I?
You're scared.
It's just my shoe,
it's killing me.
Look, can we just,
maybe start again?
Because I was having such a
great time with you, up un...
So was I.
So, um, it would have
to be with-without...
Without me asking any questions?
Yeah, you know, kind of like
"don't ask, don't tell."
Like that ever works.
Yeah, we can just talk
about current events
and the weather.
Mm-hmm.
How about tonight?
I mean, I could
come by yours...
if you're free and...
7:00 p.m. maybe?
Yeah, that sounds great.
Okay.
Catherine?
Uh, thank you.
For what?
For giving me another shot.
JT, thanks for coming.
The FBI are all over this case,
so we need to crack it before
they start seeing beasts, too.
This is what you need decoded?
Yeah.
It's a file
that was sent to Vincent
at the time of the murder.
We're hoping they're connected.
Oh, what's Vincent gotten
himself into now?
Not to be nitpicky,
but whoever it is got into him.
All right, good news.
The security camera
in the garage was adjusted,
so we don't have to
worry about exposure,
but the I.P. address
is a dead end.
Well, do the names
Larchman, Gaudet
and Thorncliff
mean anything to anyone?
Sounds like a law firm.
Uh, then it says,
"Friday at 5:00."
So, what...
he's got an appointment
with an attorney?
He does have plenty to sue over.
No, they're art galleries.
Art galleries?
Okay, I'm sorry, I know
you want to figure out what's
going on with your boyfriend,
but just tell me what this has
to do with Tucker's murder?
Tess, he was killed by a beast.
We know Vincent has tracked
a beast in the past.
So you think he's
following this new one?
I think someone sent him
to track him.
Maybe I can find out
what Vincent knows on our date.
You have a date
with him, after...?
It's not a real date.
I wasn't planning
on it happening.
but we can use it
as part of our investigation.
Right, a "don't ask,
don't tell" investigation.
In the meantime,
why don't we investigate
our victim?
Well, right now I have
a date with my sister.
And that is real.
Hello?
It's you. Uh, Condor.
Tucker's dead,
who else would it be?
His killer, he called me
from the crime scene.
He was there, waiting for me.
You have a description?
Uh, barely, he's fast.
And British.
It is Sebastian.
NYPD is investigating Tucker.
I just learned they're also
looking into art galleries,
all of which are owned
by Nigel Clifton.
What they don't know is
that Clifton's son
Sebastian was
a Muirfield project
who escaped
when we exterminated Muirfield.
So is that
why he's on your list?
You put two and two together?
Because that's
what we're doing here, right?
You've got a list of names.
Tucker's job was to locate them.
And then I eliminate them,
one by one.
Just trying to keep
people safe, remember?
Is that why I'm
on the list too, sir?
Who told you that? Sebastian?
He's just trying
to throw you off.
Okay, why should I believe you?
Because if I betray you,
you could kill me in seconds.
Now, Vincent...
you've got to trust me.
You are not on the list.
But Sebastian is
and we've got to stop him
before he kills again.
So, what happens Friday at 5:00?
Unclear, sir.
Look, you said
Sebastian's father
owned art galleries, right?
I think they were listed
on the file
that Tucker sent through.
I-I guess that's how he trailed
them all the way there.
Well, wait, why would
the NYPD know this?
There was no cell phone
at the crime scene.
Vincent, I'm not the one
you need to be worried about.
I think we've had
a security breach.
Not on my end, sir,
I would know.
Are you sure?
♪ Opened the gate
to welcome my fall ♪
♪ Right down to the bait...
Don't worry about it.
I got here early.
Clearly.
That is a long list of pros.
They're just things
like weather, I mean,
you can't make
life decisions based on them.
Talk to everyone in California.
Yeah, but California doesn't
have humidity. Another con.
So, it's just...
me and humidity?
Well, it's better
you're a con than a pro.
It means I actually
like being around you.
Um, if this is something
that you really want...
I know that we've been through
a lot, you know, losing Dad,
but you're
not gonna lose me, too.
I think that's
what I'm afraid of.
Okay, then I will buy
five round-trip tickets
to Florida right now,
if that makes you feel better.
No, it's, um, it's not
just about the distance.
Um...
You know how I've been trying
to tell you something
for a while but you've
just been so busy?
Um, it's-it's about Dad.
When he had his accident.
Uh, we both gave blood.
Um...
...yours wasn't a match.
What?
I mean, he's still your father,
obviously, he raised you...
Wait, wait, wait.
So, you're telling me
that biologically
Dad and I aren't...
Or maybe they got it wrong.
I mean, hospitals make mistakes
all the time.
Hospitals?
So, they told you this?
Heather, that was
three months ago.
Yes, yes,
I-I should've told you...
You've kept this from me
this entire time?
It's just, we've been
like ships in the night...
It doesn't take
very long to say,
"Dad is not your dad."
I'm not defending it,
I'm just saying,
it's not exactly something you
blurt out over voice mail.
I was waiting
for the perfect moment, okay?
And-and you weren't
in the right headspace.
Okay, so this is my fault?
It's not either
of our faults, Cat.
We just lost our dad.
Your dad.
I didn't want
to pile this on you.
And he was your dad.
Just like you're
still my sister.
So if you think
about it,
this really doesn't
affect anything.
Well, I am feeling pretty
affected right now.
I'm sorry.
Heather,
go to Miami.
Oh, my God.
Did I get the time
wrong, or...?
No, no, I just...
I've had a really
intense day,
and I-I needed
to walk it off.
Work?
I wish.
These are beautiful.
You know, we, uh...
never really talk
about your work.
Well, we probably
shouldn't start now.
If whatever it was
crossed over
with what
you're doing...
I mean, that's what
we said, right? No questions?
Right, just stick
to current events
and the weather.
We could always talk about
what you want
to do tonight.
Are you hungry?
Not really.
Yeah, but let me ask you,
uh, what case are you
working on right now?
A homicide.
I don't think that we should...
Who?
Vincent, if you're
sensing something,
I just found out
my dad's not my dad,
and my sister's known
for three months
and it's just a lot
for me to process.
You know what?
Let's just take
a rain check.
Vincent, wait.
The door was unlocked.
I just came to talk
about our relationship.
Well, we can just stick to
current events and weather.
You can't do that again.
You just can't
cross that line.
Hey.
I actually think
your undercover idea
is a good one.
No.
I think he busted me.
He knows that I was there
investigating him.
What happened?
Oh, I had this terrible
conversation with Heather
and I, uh...
forgot I was undercover.
You should have seen his face
when he realized
I was lying to him.
He thought I was giving him
a second chance.
Look, I know you
were doing this
to get back
with your boyfriend.
Well, you might've,
but I didn't.
I know you thought you were
protecting the public.
Well, the good news is, you are.
Those art galleries
on Vincent's computer?
I traced
Agent Tucker's DOT card.
He parked near
every one of them.
He must've been
tracking the same beast
at the galleries.
Does that mean the FBI knows?
I don't think so, or Tucker
would've had a tranq on him.
You know, he probably thought
he was tracking
an art thief or something.
Point is, Vincent's
probably after him.
You need to go back undercover,
That's what we do.
That's my other line,
I'll call you back.
Chandler.
Hey, it's me.
Hi.
Hi. Look, um...
I didn't mean to run out
like that before.
I was just, um...
I was just, uh, so overwhelmed.
I know, um...
I had a memory.
What?
Yeah, uh...
were you and I ever at a...
like, a swimming pool?
What are you talking about?
Well, were we ever in a,
um, you know, like a pool?
Like a hotel pool?
Yeah.
You just had this memory
in my hallway?
Yeah, I mean,
I can't explain it.
I just had this memory of us
buying bathing suits
at some gift shop.
Oh, my God, Vincent.
I know.
It's crazy, right?
So, uh, I was thinking
we could go back there,
you know?
Maybe it might trigger
more memories.
Yeah.
Yes, of course.
Okay, well, I'm...
I'm free in an hour.
Wait, you want to go right now?
Yeah, why not?
And bring your bathing suit,
we're going swimming.
'Cause that's what
we did before, right?
Yeah.
Um, I'll see you soon.
Yeah, okay.
Hello?
JT, you said you gave Vincent
a Cliffs Notes version
of our relationship.
Did that include a hotel pool?
Yeah, why?
Was I not supposed
to tell him about that?
No, he just pretended
to remember it.
What?
Yeah.
But why would he do that?
Because he realized
I was investigating him
and he's trying to
throw me off his trail
by sending me
to a hotel pool.
Maybe he just wants to see
you in a bathing suit.
No, JT.
Something's happening tonight.
♪ Here it comes
♪ These are the voices
in my head ♪
♪ What the hell have I done?
♪ I don't remember a thing ♪
♪ I don't remember...
a thing. ♪
Friday at Five
isn't a time, it's a painting.
Nigel Clifton, the owner
of all those galleries,
is auctioning it off tonight
here at his penthouse.
Says here this is
Time Out New York's
event of the week.
Clifton commissioned it
in honor of his only son,
Sebastian.
Wait, so this
really is about art?
I think it's
about the son.
He was British Armed Forces,
KIA'd in Afghanistan.
Which is the same
thing you'll find
if you do a search
on Vincent.
So you think
Sebastian's
another one of
Muirfield's experiments?
And probably the one
that killed Agent Tucker.
And I will bet anything
that Vincent's here
looking for him, too.
And faked that memory
to throw me off his trail.
What are we going to do
if a beast brawl breaks out?
Improvise?
No, we're going to stop it
before it happens.
How?
Did you figure out what
Sebastian's doing here?
No, but there's gotta be
a reason that tonight's the night
Vincent's been
sent after him.
So, let me guess:
we're backup,
and you're going on
a "date" with him?
He wishes.
But I might use my heels
to kick it out of him.
♪ I was making up
my life alone ♪
♪ Resigned to being on my own
♪ You came 'round ♪
♪ You were enough
♪ To burn the walls
Hi.
♪ That I put up.
Sorry I'm late.
I had to change out
of my bathing suit.
What are you
doing here?
Me?
I was going to ask you
the same question.
I know,
no questions, but...
Catherine...
Maybe over a dance?
I can't.
Yes, you can.
You danced at
my dad's wedding...
but you'll probably pretend
to remember that, too.
Come on, this is
gonna be fun.
What are you looking for?
And I'm not talking
about art or women.
Okay. This is
a bad idea.
Right, we're supposed
to stick to
current events
and the weather.
Well, it's warm
in here,
and currently,
I think you're
looking for Sebastian.
♪ I can't stop shaking ♪
Spin me.
What?
♪ The floor,
it's almost earthquaking ♪
♪ Oh...
You know, that
piece of information
wasn't on
my computer.
You asked about my work.
This is my case.
And this is the nicest
interrogation room
I've ever been in.
So that's what this "dance" is?
What are you gonna do,
lose control
in front of
all these people?
I wouldn't
recommend it,
especially because this
time I brought backup,
and they have tranqs.
♪ From the middle
to the top to the end ♪
♪ Ba dlu dla dlun dloday
So your plan is to tranq me
in the middle of
all these people?
If you don't tell me
what's going on.
We'll just blame it on
an allergic reaction.
Red wine and
shellfish don't mix.
Dip.
♪ From the front to the middle
to the back to the end ♪
♪ Back, back, back
♪ I wanna ♪
So, what are we
supposed to do,
just wait
and watch?
♪ Back, back, back
♪ I wanna ♪
Hello?
Uh, it looks like she's
getting somewhere with him.
Maybe if you can find out
more about that painting,
we'll know what
Sebastian's planning.
I'll stay here and make
sure nothing happens.
Gotcha, boss.
So, what else is
happening here tonight,
besides art being sold?
Is Sebastian here
for a good time?
To, uh, see his dad,
or to put his fist
through someone's chest?
Why would I
tell you anything?
Okay, I lied,
but...
No. You are using me
to try and get information
on your case,
and get... revenge.
Revenge?
Yeah, a lot of that
going around tonight.
Who, Sebastian?
Is that why he's here?
Revenge against whom?
♪ Ba dlu dla dlun dloday
I'm talking
about you.
♪ Back to the middle
to the front to the end. ♪
You think I'm doing all this
because you hurt me.
Okay.
I wore a scarf all day
to cover up what you did,
telling myself and anyone
who would listen that...
that this wasn't
your fault.
That if I could find
whoever was controlling you,
I could cut
those strings,
and we could be
together again.
I lied because
I care about you.
You lied
for a case.
And the saddest part
about this entire thing
is that no one forced you
to fake that memory,
you did that
all on your own.
Thanks for the dance.
She is spunky.
I'll make her disappear, too.
Make for a better show.
Excuse me.
That's called
Friday at Five.
That was the time of
the week I set aside,
my son
and I would
go to the magic store,
buy a new trick.
So you were close.
Okay, I'm done
saving Vincent,
but it seems that
Sebastian isn't just here
to say hi
to his dad.
So we need
to focus
on keeping these
guests safe.
Okay, my new BFF Nigel
Clifton filled me in.
Apparently, Sebastian
was into magic.
Dad sends him off
to the military,
thinks he's dead.
It'd make for a pretty
good magic show
if he reappeared
during the auction
in front of all these people.
Dad sent him?
Yeah, he's totally
guilt-ridden.
Vincent said something
about revenge.
I thought he was
referring to me,
maybe he was talking
about Sebastian.
So he's here to kill his dad
in front of all these people?
Revenge for what?
Sending him to war.
No, I'm talking
about you.
'Cause that is
not a hickey.
Did Vincent...
Tess...
Okay, can we not do this now?
So you've known
about this, too?
That was the lie
on the polygraph.
Okay, I'm sorry...
And now is not the time.
Right now, we need
to figure out how
to get Clifton
and these people
out of here
before Sebastian's big show.
Excuse me, sir.
You need to come with me.
We have reason to believe
there has been a threat
on your life.
Well, deal with it.
I hired you people to
keep the riffraff out.
I'm about to get up in
front of all these people.
It's for charity.
Yes.
Mr. Clifton, hi.
I think I spilled red wine
on your Jackson Pollack.
I don't have a Pollack.
Oh, that, uh, splotchy painting
in the elevator?
What?
My backup are evacuating
the guests.
You need to hold off Sebastian.
There's a gas leak.
We've been asked
to evacuate the building.
We need everyone
to take the stairs.
Enjoying the party?
I was until you
and your girlfriend
ruined the show.
I don't see anything.
Oh.
Did I say red wine?
I meant white.
It's not like a couch.
You can't just throw
soda water on it
and make it go away.
Lady, I didn't get where I am
from being an idiot.
What's going on?
There is a threat on your life.
I warned you.
I crossed you off that list.
Yeah, there's no reception.
I'm sure this is nothing to do
with the threat.
What kind of threat
are we speaking about exactly?
What was that?
Hi, Sebastian.
I thought I had daddy issues.
Vincent!
Heathe.
I'm not gonna take the job.
Oh, my God.
No, listen.
I...
I can't leave knowing that
I've damaged our relationship.
I mean, you're the only family
I have,
and I will do anything...
I'm a hypocrite.
I made you feel bad
for not telling me,
for not being honest,
but you know what I spent
my morning doing?
Learning how to cheat
a polygraph.
You can do that?
Yes. The point is,
you had your reasons
for doing what you did,
and I have been impossible
to pin down.
No, I-I still should have
come clean.
Isn't that what Dad
should have done?
Maybe he didn't know.
You're right.
Maybe Mom's the liar or both.
Who knows?
But you're right.
This doesn't change us.
You're still my sister.
That's the thing, though,
I just... I don't know.
I haven't really felt like it.
I've been avoiding you
because carrying this around
and-and being dishonest with you
has felt horrible.
Lying to someone,
it changes everything.
I may have had my reasons,
but it wasn't worth it.
Are you sure that you're not
my big sister?
And our parents didn't fudge
our birth order, too.
Take this job.
But you weren't just
on the con list
because I hadn't told you yet.
You were...
You were on it
because I miss you already.
I've missed you
for three months.
The truth is
I've missed you for longer,
but...
I can't be the con
that keeps you
from taking this job.
And your hair can handle
the humidity.
Well, so can yours, okay?
You're totally buying
those round-trip tickets.
Come here.
How's your BFF Clifton?
Oh, drowsy and completely
unaware of beasts
or any dead sons coming back
to haunt him. How are the feds?
Blamed Agent Tucker's murder
on Sebastian.
Off-the-grid vet,
mistakenly declared
K.I.A., struggling
with severe PTSD.
I suggested we not release
the information wide,
let Clifton Senior think his son
died a war hero.
Agent Reynolds was
surprisingly supportive.
Oh, the polygraph, thanks.
I wasn't sure
where that was supposed to go.
Hey, give me your hands.
Why?
What are you doing?
I just want to ask you
a few questions.
Tess, is this
about the hickey?
Because... I'm not hiding
anything else.
Oh, I think you are.
You protected her secret
for a reason.
Because she didn't want
to hear it from you.
Or because you have a crush
on her.
Good night, Tess.
You realize your refusing
to take
a polygraph
makes you look
highly suspicious.
And you realize
you sound
like you're in middle school
and you're
acting out
because she didn't tell you.
♪ You come around
and make the seasons change ♪
and leave the way... ♪
Did JT tell you
about the fire escape, too?
I remembered it.
Vincent, please don't do this
right now.
And I also remember grabbing you
out of the way
of an oncoming train.
And another time
we were in the woods
and you had braids
and it was so cold
I could see
your breath.
Look, I know
they're just
flashes, but...
I do, Catherine, I remember you.
And I'm not
borrowing from JT
this time, okay?
You can ask him.
Even if it is the truth...
It is.
I'm sorry for pretending.
But I couldn't
trust you
because I didn't remember you.
But now...
There are so many more lies
in our relationship
than just one pretend memory.
There are so many things
I can't ask you.
What do you do?
Who do you work for?
Exactly.
And it isn't
just you
who's lying. I...
I put antiperspirant on
my forehead so that I could...
find out what's going on
in your life.
You were just trying
to help me out, okay?
And I didn't realize that back
then, but I can see it now.
Catherine, after everything
that you have been through,
I am not gonna push you away
anymore.
Maybe it's because my parents
lied so much, I just...
I've reached
my lifetime capacity for it.
This isn't gonna be forever,
okay?
It's too late.
Heather's right.
You lie once and-and...
and it changes everything.
That relationship that
you're remembering?
We never lied to each other.
I just can't...
I can't handle it.
I can't live with any more lies.
It's too hard.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org